# CMPSC-132-Final
Project Description:
For our project, we decided to create an interface where a user can insert a ticker symbol for a stock. Then our program will scrape all the adjusted daily closing prices for the stock associated with the ticker symbol from Yahoo Finance. After the program gathers the desired information from the stock, the interface prompts the users with multiple actions they can perform on the data. First, the interface asks the user to input a start date and end date for the range on which the user wants to perform an action. If the user doesn’t input a range, the program sets the start date to the first day of trading for that stock and sets the end date to the most recent day where an adjusted daily closing price is available. This is usually three days prior to the current day because it takes a while for Yahoo to update its historical data. Secondly, the interface has multiple buttons that allow the user to perform an analysis on the stock. These include getting the returns for a specified range, showing the price graph over the range, displaying the prices of the stock over the given range, showing the average, lowest, or highest price of the stock in the range, and price on a specific date. Additionally, there are four statistical analysis functions provided: calculate the moving averages for a specific window, calculate the rolling averages for a specific window, get the max drawdown from the provided range, and get the volatility of the stock. Lastly, there are three special methods that have buttons on the interface, and these are update current price, update historical price, and compare two stocks. 


Program Instructions 
